World of Warcraft(tm) Armory Application for Windows Phone 7
============================================================

#### Your mobile access to the World of Warcraft(tm) armory anywhere, anytime ####

# Credits #

This application was developed by Christian Krueger.

Part of this application is based on the source code of n-battle-net-api from shimmanning (Femor).
Thanks for your awesome work!

# License #

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge and for non-commercial usage
only, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify,
merge, publish, and/or distribute copies of the Software, and to permit
persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

a) The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

b) You may not publish your own World of Warcraft™ Armory application based
on this Software to the Windows Phone 7 Marketplace without explicit
permission from the author of this Software (Christian Krueger).

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE 
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE 
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) 
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF 
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.